Kitties part-01 (#24)
PolkadotStudy/polkadot.study: tutorials/kitties-part-01/9-conclusion.mdx

# Conclusion

> We have completed the Substrate Kitties Tutorial. We have learned how to build a blockchain using Substrate and how to create a runtime 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have completed the Substrate Kitties Tutorial. You have learned how to build a blockchain using Substrate and how to create a runtime 
```

> module that implements the logic of our blockchain. We have also learned how to create a client-side application that interacts with our 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
module that implements the logic of our blockchain. You have also learned how to create a client-side application that interacts with your
```
